so the official final stand the deal for
battlefield 4 was released today I just
watched it and as usual you can all
super fucking excited because I'm like
wow it looks badass that looks badass
that looks badass and then I think back
to the entire time of my playing baleful
for and I just get pissed the whole time
because I hate Duke damn netcode dying
around corners six feet behind a wall
quote unquote ends two deaths and actual
instant death since other youtubers have
planned out actually happens it was a
bug for a while they finally Quantico
fixed it but anyway all that bullshit
aside I want to look at some of the
closer things in the battlefield 4 final
stand trailer that seemed to lead up to
the battlefield 2142 sequel which
everybody has been calling battlefield
2143 these have all been rumors in the
past and we've always been excited about
these things because it's nobody wants a
clone of call of duty which is what
benefit tries to be what he wants that
shit they want battlefield and
everybody's been wanting battlefield
2142 sequel or another bad company
sequel on this video if you take a look
at some of the screenshots and stuff i'm
going to show you it looks like they're
actually building up to 220 142 sequel
and what I'm going to show you here is a
screenshot or a clip of the video
actually which seems to show a hovertank
just kind of hovering above the ground
and some of the people in the video were
commenting that's a bug I highly doubt
that the battlefield is going to put out
a video with the visible bug in no other
premium trailers or their you know dlc
trailers so it looks like that's
actually going to be a hovertank
and let's check this out in this little
clip you see a glimpse of what appears
to be a mech factory and if you look
closely the mechs frames seem to be
identical to those of the ones in vail
Phil 2142 so in my eyes this is
definitely leading up to with the 2142
sequel or battlefield 24 or sorry 2143
let me know what you think if you agree
with me or disagree with me and let me
know with the comment below I mean
hopefully we'll get a 2143 the but then
again they're probably just conferring
call of duty since call of duty's got
advanced warfighter coming out there
like oh we need to hurry up and make
something futuristic again got to do the
same thing to all duties and try to beat
them know they need to stop that shit
anyways thanks for watching guys hope
you got some you know ideas rolling
around in your head about what might be
coming up and leave a comment below I
can share the video and I will see you
in the next
hey guys hope you enjoyed the video
thank you for watching if you did check
out one of these other videos like and
share and don't get subscribe catch you
guys the net